Tag on-demand image by specified commit (#645)
WordPress/openverse-api: api/docs/guides/publish.md

This action **will only publish & tag a service's image with the commit SHA** (i.e. it will not tag with `latest` or the git reference name).
This is useful for cases where one or more Docker images need to be tested on a staging environment before being merged and cut with a release.
This action also **requires that the CI/CD workflow has previously run on the specified commit**.
This typically requires a PR in order to initiate.

> Note that this action can only run on commits that were made within the last 90 days [due to GitHub's default artifact retention policy](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-organization-settings/configuring-the-retention-period-for-github-actions-artifacts-and-logs-in-your-organization).

Reviewer: Just a clarification here.

```suggestion
Note that this action can only run on commits that had successful CI/CD runs in the last 90 days [due to GitHub's default artifact retention policy](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-organization-settings/configuring-the-retention-period-for-github-actions-artifacts-and-logs-in-your-organization).
```

1. Navigate to the `openverse-api` "Actions" tab in GitHub: [github.com/WordPress/openverse-api/actions](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse-api/actions).
2. Select the "Publish Docker images on-demand" workflow.
3. Click the "Run workflow" button.
   1. (Optional) change the branch _that the workflow is running from_ (this does not change anything about the target commit)
   2. For the `image` parameter, specify either `api` or `ingestion_server`.
   3. For the `commit` parameter, specify the commit that the built Docker image artifact should be pulled from.
5. Click the green "Run workflow" button.

The newest run should appear in the Action list, and its status can be tracked from there.

> ![Example Screenshot](/_static/publish_action_example.png)

Reviewer 2: Nice! Can we remove the [`TODO`](https://github.com/WordPress/openverse-api/blob/main/api/docs/guides/publish.md?plain=1#L36) to add screenshots or do you think there are more that would be helpful?

Author: D'oh, we can! 😄
